[CloudPC]add shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState.md in resource and cloudpc-getshiftwo… (#19008)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/cloudpc.md

|[List for user](../api/user-list-cloudpcs.md)|[cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) collection|List the [cloudPC](../resources/cloudpc.md) devices that are attributed to the signed-in user.|
|[Get launch info for user](../api/cloudpc-getcloudpclaunchinfo.md)|[cloudPCLaunchInfo](../resources/cloudpclaunchinfo.md)|Get the [cloudPCLaunchInfo](../resources/cloudpclaunchinfo.md) for the signed-in user.|
|[Get connectivity history](../api/cloudpc-getcloudpcconnectivityhistory.md)|[cloudPcConnectivityEvent](../resources/cloudpcconnectivityevent.md) collection|Get the Cloud PC connectivity history.|

> |[Get shift work cloudPCs access state](../api/cloudpc-getshiftworkcloudpcaccessstate.md)|[shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](#shiftworkcloudpcaccessstate-values)|Get the access state of the shift work Cloud PC.|

Reviewer: Since the return type of this function is an evolvable enum type, please document it accordingly. Here's the link with the steps: [https://dev.azure.com/msazure/One/_wiki/wikis/Microsoft%20Graph%20Partners/211749/Evolvable-enumerations](url)

> |[Get shift work cloudPc's access state](../api/cloudpc-getshiftworkcloudpcaccessstate.md)|[shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](#shiftworkcloudpcaccessstate-values)|Get the access state of the shift work Cloud PC.|

Reviewer: I am not clear about this operation. If a shift represents a unit of scheduled work, the operation's name might be redundant.

Reviewer 2: Windows365 Shift work is a new kind of cloud PC t provide customers' shift work employees, which allows 3 users per cloud PC license with 1 user logged in at a time.

> |[Get shift work cloudPc's access state](../api/cloudpc-getshiftworkcloudpcaccessstate.md)|[shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](#shiftworkcloudpcaccessstate-values)|Get the access state of the shift work Cloud PC.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Get shift work cloudPCs access state](../api/cloudpc-getshiftworkcloudpcaccessstate.md)|[shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](#shiftworkcloudpcaccessstate-values)|Get the access state of the shift work Cloud PC.|
```

|restoring|The Cloud PC is restoring.|
|unknownFutureValue|Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.|

### shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState values

|Member|Description|
|:---|:---|
|unassigned|Default. Set to unassigned if the Cloud PC is not consuming any shared use licenses.|

> |noLicensesAvailable|Indicates the shift work Cloud PC cannot be assigned any sharedUseLicenses as all shared use licenses are in use as of now.|

Reviewer: Is shareUseLicences a reference to another topic?

Reviewer 2: yes, it is a refer for [microsoft-graph-docs/cloudpcprovisioningpolicy.md at main · microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs (github.com)](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/blob/main/api-reference/beta/resources/cloudpcprovisioningpolicy.md#cloudpcprovisioningtype-values)

|restoring|The Cloud PC is restoring.|
|unknownFutureValue|Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.|

### shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState values

|Member|Description|
|:---|:---|

> |unassigned|Default. Set to unassigned if the Cloud PC is not consuming any shared use licenses.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|unassigned|Default. Set to unassigned if the Cloud PC is not consuming any shared-use licenses.|
```

> |unassigned|Default. Set to unassigned if the Cloud PC is not consuming any shared-use licenses.|

Reviewer: Which is the default value? Assigned or unassigned? I recommend: 
```suggestion
|unassigned| Set to unassigned if the Cloud PC is not consuming any shared-use licenses. The default value is ________.|
```

> |noLicensesAvailable|Indicates the shift work Cloud PC cannot be assigned any sharedUseLicenses as all shared use licenses are in use as of now.|

Reviewer 2: fixed

> |activationFailed|Indicates the shift work Cloud PC activation failed after user requested the shift work Cloud PC.|

Reviewer 2: fixed

|active|Indicates the shift work Cloud PC is in active state with a shared use license assigned and the user could connect to this Cloud PC.|

> |activating|Indicates the shift work Cloud PC is in activating state after the user requests to connect this Cloud PC, service is working on starting the Cloud PC.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|activating|Indicates that a user is requesting to connect the Cloud PC and the service is starting.|
```

|waitlisted|The waitlisted value is deprecated and will stop returning on May 17, 2023. Indicates the shift work Cloud PC is in waitlisted state after the user requests to connect this Cloud PC and all shared use licenses are being actively used.|
|unknownFutureValue|Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.|

> |hibernated|Indicates the shift work Cloud PC is in the hibernated state before it's shutdown and deallocated. Shift work Cloud PC in hibernated state is still accessible by end user.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|hibernated|Indicates the shift work Cloud PC is in the hibernated state before it's shut down and deallocated. A Shift work Cloud PC in hibernated state is still accessible by the end user.|
```

> |hibernated|Indicates the shift work Cloud PC is in the hibernated state before it's shutdown and deallocated. Shift work Cloud PC in hibernated state is still accessible by end user.|

Reviewer: This value did not come up in the CSDL or the api.md files. Please confirm if it is a valid value. Thanks.

Reviewer 2: the api.md is here: https://microsoftgraph.visualstudio.com/onboarding/_git/onboarding?path=/reviews/CMX/CloudManagedDesktop/6377-3-cloudPc-entity-api/api.md&version=GBmaster&line=734&lineEnd=734&lineStartColumn=22&lineEndColumn=29&lineStyle=plain&_a=contents
the CSDL roll out to test/_cpc_sh: https://msazure.visualstudio.com/One/_git/AD-AggregatorService-Workloads/pullrequest/7707908?_a=files

Reviewer: For security purposes, I removed the links you shared. Thanks!
